Zarf package create differential tutorial (#1735)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/5-zarf-tutorials/10-package-create-differential.md

## System Requirements

- Internet access to download resources or upload packages
- Access to a registry (this tutorial uses Docker Hub)

## Prerequisites

For following along locally, please ensure the following prerequisites are met:

- Zarf binary installed on your `$PATH`: ([Installing Zarf](../1-getting-started/index.md#installing-zarf))
- The [Zarf](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf) repository cloned: ([`git clone` Instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository))

## Youtube Tutorial
[![Tutorial: Create Differential Packages with Zarf](../.images/tutorials/differential_package_thumbnail.png)](https://youtu.be/6yQEo4Vhz9o "Create Differential Packages with Zarf")

## Create a Differential Package
In this example we're going to use the [Longhorn Example](../../examples/longhorn/) to create a differential package.

:::note

You'll notice we're not using a cluster in this example.  That's because differential packages only affect package creation and do not require a running cluster to make.

:::

> 1. From the examples/longhorn folder, Create the Zarf package with the `zarf package create` command.
> 
> <iframe src="/docs/tutorials/differential_package_create.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>
> 
> 2. Modify the zarf.yaml file to upgrade all of the 1.4.0 images to version 1.4.2, leave everything else the same.  
> 
> :::caution 
> 
> Don't forget to update the version of the package as well in the [metadata > version](/docs/create-a-zarf-package/zarf-schema#metadata) field. If you don't an attempt to create a differential package you'll get an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the `examples/longhorn` folder, Create the Zarf package with the `zarf package create` command.

<iframe src="/docs/tutorials/differential_package_create.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>

2. Modify the `zarf.yaml` file to upgrade all of the 1.4.0 images to version 1.4.2; leave everything else the same.  

3. Update the version of the package as well in the [metadata.version](/docs/create-a-zarf-package/zarf-schema#metadata) field.

:::caution 

Creating differential packages without updating the package version will result in an error.
```

<iframe src="/docs/tutorials/differential_package_error.html" width="100%" height="180px"></iframe>

:::

<iframe src="/docs/tutorials/differential_package_edit.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>

> 3. Use the `zarf package create` with the `--differential` flag.  This will build the differential package omitting, the images and repositories that are already present in zarf package you specify after the `--differential` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Next, use the `zarf package create` command with the `--differential` flag to specify a reference package.  This will build the differential package omitting the images, repositories, and OCI skeleton components that are already present in the specified Zarf package and are pinned to a specific version/shasum.
```

<iframe src="/docs/tutorials/differential_package_create_differential.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>

## Conclusion

> You now have learned to create differenential packages with Zarf.  If you would like to see the size you saved.  You can use the `zarf package create` without the `--differential` flag.  You'll notice a size difference in the resulting files, as the all of the images are bundled into the much larger package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have now learned to create differential packages with Zarf.  If you would like to see the size you saved, you can use the `zarf package create` command without the `--differential` flag.  You'll notice a size difference between the two packages since the differential package omits duplicate contents.
```
